this is the movieclips weekly five we
give you five things you might want to
know about the entertainment world this
week the cam film festival wrapped up
this week with its award ceremony the
French film blue is the warmest color an
adaptation of a graphic novel blue angel
took home the palm dr which is the
festival's grand prize the film starring
lee is to do an Adele exarchopoulos runs
over three hours and spans the entire
relationship with two young lesbians it
received rave reviews coming out of the
festival and has been picked up for us
distribution Joe Swanberg the director
of the upcoming ensemble drama D
drinking buddies reportedly shot a
Christmas movie quickly and on the
down-low starring Anna Kendrick Lena
Dunham melanie lynskey and Mark Webber
Swanberg one of indie films most
prolific directors has directed over 15
movies since 2005 including Hannah takes
the stairs nights and weekends and
alexander the last his films are known
for their low budgets a naturalistic
style primarily consisting of improv
scenes and minimalistic camerawork this
will be the first movie heey shot on
film since film school after a seemingly
long search in a lot of director names
it looks like Sam Mendes will not only
direct bomb 24 but also 25 Mendis is the
director of Skyfall as well as the
acclaimed films American Beauty road to
perdition and away we go Skyfall
considered by many to be the best bomb
installment in recent years earned an
amazing ninety-two percent on rotten
tomatoes and brought in over 1 billion
dollars worldwide so one can assume that
Mendis return is good news for both fans
as well as the studios paul thomas
anderson's inherent vice added even more
cast members this week catherine
Waterston was cast as the female lead
playing the hippie ex-girlfriend to
joaquin phoenix's detective doc also
cast was Josh Brolin in a key yet
undisclosed roll the to join the growing
cast consisting of Reese Witherspoon
Owen Wilson Martin Short Sean Penn and
jena malone joss whedon's much ado about
nothing opened this week the film based
on the play by William Shakespeare was
shot at we didn't Santa Monica home
while he was doing post-production work
for Marvel's The Avengers the cast
consists almost entirely of whedon's
close friends and features actors from
across the Whedon universe including
Alexis Denisof from buffy the vampire
slayer Nathan Fillion from Firefly with
amy acker from dollhouse with Clark
Gregg from The Avengers and Fran Kranz
from Tavern in the will
the film played at the toronto
international film festival to warm
reception this was the movie clips
weekly 5 will click to subscribe and
make sure that you comment below to list
know what you're excited about this week
thanks for watching